From: KT Sales [sales@kryltech.com]
Sent: Friday, September 23, 2005 9:09 PM
To: Jamal Mazrui
Subject: Re: SSSuite - License for distributing GetText utility

1. You may distribute GetText for vision impaired and blind people without any
restrictions, dear Jamal.
2. Please, look at Subject Search Pad: other blind people ALREADY use this
product, and have sent us grateful messages.
http://www.kryltech.com/paddown.htm

3. Look at Subject Search Spider 5.0 we've just released (an hour ago):
http://www.kryltech.com/spdownld.htm -- yet the page states 4.01, but do not
pay attention to it: all links already point to version 5.0 installers.
4. Let me know what else Kryloff Technologies and me, Sergey Kryloff in particular,
can do for you.
5. If you can, "grab" the latest filters from SSScanner: yet GetText uses slightly
old ones ...

PLEASE, USE ONLY THE FORM at
http://www.kryltech.com/feedback.htm
to contact us in the future -- do not send
us any e-mail messages. Otherwise, we
do not guarantee your message will be
processed due to a large number of spam
we receive every day.

Look forward to hearing from you, again.
Sergey
-------
Time: 9/23/2005 4:44:04 PM
Name: Jamal Mazrui
Mail: jamal.mazrui@fcc.gov
Subject: License for distributing GetText utility
Message: I have developed free software for blind computer users that, among other things, allows them to convert various file
formats to plain text, which are easier to read with a talking computer system.  I already have developed conversion routines
for .html, .pdf, .doc, .xls, .ppt, and .rtf files, though the ones for Microsoft Office formats require that suite to be
installed (the routines use COM automation techniques).

Your GetText utility could add .hlp conversion capability, which would enable users to get plain text access to documentation
that is distributed in Windows Help format.  Your utility would also allow access to .doc, .xls, .ppt, and .rtf formats when
Microsoft Office is not installed (though only for Windows 2000 and above, according to your web site).

What would you charge, if anything, for a license to redistribute GetText with my software to strengthen its conversion
abilities?  The users need not be aware of it working behind the scenes if you don't want them to have direct access to it.
Alternatively, perhaps you would like them to know about it and for me to include a paragraph about your product in the
documentation.

Jamal

